The Cat in the Hat is not about an animal or a hat.
I wore a hat to the Big Apple party in NYC.
The lion tamer rode on top of the clown car into the ring carrying a chair.
The lion opened his mouth wide as she put her head into his mouth.
The man raised the lion from a cub and they still frolic in the jungle.
There are no lions in NYC, but there are lots of house cats.
The lion, a big cat, is the king of the jungle.
Simba, in Lion King, was inspired by Bambi who wasn't even a cat.
She doesn't like hats in the car but I do.
She rode her bike though central park wearing a hat.
The cat chased a speedy rat.
Animals, including pets, don't like riding in cars.
Animals don't drive cars, but my pet dog likes to stick his head out the window.
Cats don't like riding into the city in a car.
The dog chased the ball and caught it.
The dog dropped the ball at my feet.
The rat ran into a hole in the back.
The rat ate a hole in his hat.
That dog is a big animal. He must eat a lot.
How many dogs are in the city?
Dogs don't have much room to run in a big city.
The dog ran through Central Park in NYC.
Where is NYC?
Where is Soho? In New York City?
How big is New York? Is it a big city?
He took his life in his hands, j-walking in NYC.
Bright lights, big city?
New York is a big city for a small cat.
Is NYC a city or a way of life?
Look at me! Look at me! Look at me NOW!
It is fun to have fun. But you have to know how.
Cat, you ruined mom's dress!
Honey, it was ruined when she bought it.
"He should not be here," said the fish in the pot. 
"He should not be here when your mother is not.” 
Speedy was too fast for Sylvester.
You are an animal.
You're an animal!
Animals are not allowed on this flight.
Some flights allow animals in carry-ons.
Snakes aren't usually allowed on planes.
Snakes aren't usually considered pets.
The snake chased the rat.
I rode my bike home.
The dog flew down the street after the bike.
The woman flew to NYC with her cat.
The man had a cat in his carry-on.
I love NYC!
She took the train into the city to see the ball drop.
Manhattan is called the Big Apple.
NYC is the Big Apple.
Mom loves to walk through NYC.
Mom loves to walk around Manhattan.
Give me such shows — give me the streets of Manhattan!
NYC is a city that never sleeps.
Come to NYC. See the Big Apple!
NYC is known as the Big Apple.
NYC is the only city where you can hardly find a typical American.
So I went to NYC to be born again.
I love my pet cat.
I love New York City (NYC).
She loves dogs.
Is that a pet rat in your carry-on?
He pet the dog on the head.
He put a hat on his head.
He put his hat in the overhead bin.
The car is in the garage.
Dogs like to chase cars.
The post man likes our dog.
He refused to sleep in the dog house.
The cat chased a mouse.
I was in the dog house last night.
The cat steered clear of the dog house.
The car had a bike rack.
Marc steered my bike into a parked car.
A cute kitten played with its mother.
Where do you live little guy?
Where did you come from?
He makes a good guard dog.
You sure are cute.
Go lie down on your bed.
The dog jumped up on the bed.
The dog rescued me from a hairy . 
The cat chased my laser pointer.
A dog chased my bike and barked loudly.
I ran from the dog and jumped the bench.
A dog chased the car, barking.
Be a good boy and go on home now.
That's a good boy.
My dog is a good boy most of the time.
The dog likes a scratch behind his ear.
The cat likes a scratch under her chin.
It rained cats and dogs.
She keeps a clean house.
The litter box is in the back of the house.
Do all dogs go to heaven?
The Cat's Meow
The dog whined until I pet its head.
The cat meowed and I pet it until it purred.
A cat meowed on the hot tin roof
Cats and dogs playing together.
My cat has long hair.
Your cat is cute.
Kittens are cute.
That's a cute kitten.
Your dog chased my cat.
The cat coughed up a hair ball.
The cat licked it's fur.
I pet the cat.
Old dogs can learn tricks.
Can your dog do tricks?
Sit Ubu, sit.
Sit Char, sit.
Sit Bear, sit.
The dog sat on the floor.
I flew a kite.
I chased your dog.
It rained cats and dogs.
Do dogs go to heaven?
Do you have a pet?
The cat ate the bearded dragon.
What kind of pet do you have?
The cat in the window
The catbird seat
A cat burglar stole my pets.
Lindstrom pets are spoiled.
I love turtles.
Mom and Mormor both love turtles.
I painted Turtle's shell with nail polish.
I named my pet rock Rocky.
Are you a vet?
It's Berk a vet?
My flowers are blooming.
The dog ate my orchids.
A single flower grew in Benji's grave.
Char chased the squirrel.
Ursa ran a squirrel up the tree.
The giving tree gave out.
I want to be reborn as a Lane pet.
The cat never made eye contact.
Moon leapt into my lap.
Jupiter's hair stood on end.
The lizard aquarium was moist.
Turtles need water.
Cats hat water.
I chased the ferret with a water pistol.
The ferret got struck by lightening.
The cat died.
A car struck the cat and we took it to the vet.
The cat died at the vet.
The cat hated getting in the car.
We have a car carrier.
The woman took her dog on the plane.
Algernon lost his mind.
Flowers for Algernon is my favorite book.
The puppy played in the flower bed.
She brought me flowers.
I kept the compost full of worms and the flowers bloomed.
Her orchids and my Amaryllis bloomed the same day.
Char are the flowers.
The fireman rescued the cat in the tree.
Rascal was an alley cat before she became a Lane pet.
Marc chased rascal with a squirt gun.
Rascal hid in the Cypress tree.
I cried at the end of Algernon.
Algernon taught me about animal consciousness, smarts.
Books taught me how to read people.
Rascal taught me empathy and care.
The cat crossed the lane and then the sidewalk.
The dog walked up and sniffed my leg.
I froze as he sniffed.
An old dog can learn new tricks if there's food involved.
The raccoons ate all the cat food in the garage.
Berk, the vet, has ideas about sports games for people.
Rascal hated the car because it's associated with the vet.
Char drooled with Pavlovian delight at the hotdog in my hand.
Ashley had a wiener dog that she took boating up the river.
An alligator ate several pets and ducks before Clayton caught him.
The Inner Harbor had an alligator, some turtles and lots of fish.
Clinton helped Clayton catch the alligator.
The ranger dragged the alligator over the seawall.
He use duck tape to keep its mouth closed.
Alligators and wolves compete for food on Horn Island.
No man is an island, unless he's a lone wolf like Walter Anderson.
Walter and Moon taught me how to crack video games.
No lone wolf would dare attack a lone moose or adult caribou.
Ursa would inch her way into the dining room sheepishly.
Australian sheep dogs are smarter than the sheep.
Ursa was smart and deceptive.
Carnivore cunning and cooperation makes them smarter than herbivores.
Wolves, dogs, and puppies love to play chase.
Wolf puppies play with crows.
Crows help wolves track down prey and wolves share the kill.
Toxoplasmosis will change your mind.
America is littered with Toxoplasmosis.
You don't get a fever from Toxoplasmosis, you just get aggressive.
Mice get attracted to the smell of cats when the have Toxoplasmosis.
Women become more trusting once they get Toxoplasmosis.
Men become more gullible once they get Toxoplasmosis.
Ants get a virus that makes crawl to the tip of a blade of grass.
Humans harbor infectious diseases from domestic pets.
Early humans slept in the barn with domesticated animals.
Sheep and deer eat grass.
Wolves eat deer and stay away from sheep if they smell humans.
The litter box smells.
Jupiter and Moon each had their own food bowl.
Moon got mauled in a fight with an alley cat.
Lane rescued Moon with Will power.
Will cuddled with Moon and Zoe on the couch.
The dogs were not allowed on the couch or in the dining room.
The dogs licked my plate so I didn't have to wash it.
The dog wash was just a hose and they hated it.
Bear lapped water from the hose with his tongue.
Rascal lapped milk from her bowl, curling her tongue.
Bear was bloody and panting after mauling the goats and sheep.
Goats and sheep make great lawn mowers for a boat yard.
Bear lapped out of the truck window.
Bear loved to hang his head out the truck window.
Dogs love to smell the air rushing by in a car.
Dogs love to chase cars, trucks, and bikes.
Wild cats chase bikes and runners but not cars or trucks.
The Inner Harbor was our playground.
The black cat crossed my path.
A black cat crossed the sidewalk in front of me.
A black kitten crossed the road dodging cars like Frogger.
A stray cat played with the injured frog.
A cat pounced at the lizard but came away with only its tail.
The tabby cat had a fluffy tail.
Bengi was a small stray dog with a fluffy tan spotted coat.
Bengi was a movie about the adventures of a lovable stray dog.
Our Bengi was a mottled tan dog that loved to run around the yard.
Rascal was a stray when we found her in a tree in the back yard.
Rascal was a tabby cat.
Char and Ursa played on the green grass in the back yard.
Ursa used to chase her tail when she was young.
Ursa, a black lab, would beat her tail against the wall until it was raw.
Dogs wag their tail when they are happy.
Dogs and cats love raw meat.
Lizards, turtles, and alligators are kind-of green and slimy.
Some lizards can grow a new tail.
The cat held the lizard's tail in its mouth.
Fido chased the cat up the alley.
She was an alley cat.
Cats and dogs sleeping together.
A turtle beat the rabbit in a race.
The snapping turtle won the race.
Mormor loved turtles and had them all over her house.
My brother had an aquarium.
Our neighbors raised baby alligators.
Brian wanted to start an alligator farm.
Billy never had any pets at his house.
I loved frogs and the color green.
Where do you keep a turtle in your house?
How many pets do you have at home?
Does your dog have a dog house?
Are there turtles in your pond?
Are there fish in the pond?
Are there fish in your fountain?
What about frogs in the pond?
Can lizards swim under water?
She caught a frog with her paw.
She bit the frog with her teeth.
I gnawed the frog legs with my teeth.