Build a healthy habit.
It doesn’t matter how big or small it is, just do it consistently.
Simple things like a daily or weekly walk or 5 minute meditation get your mind and body in the habit of relying on each other.
It relieves anxiety and empowers your creative side when you prove to yourself that you have control over your life.
Ironically, being a habitual machine can make you a better human.

Being connected to your community can help you stave off the loneliness of modern life.
And studies have shown that it will increase health and happiness, adding years to your lifespan.
Strive to build deeper social connections and interdependence on your friends.
Having many casual acquaintances or business contacts can often increase ones sense of isolation and lonliness.
We cannot be our most authentic selves in professional and "polite" relationships.
Being dependent on others and helping others in your community helps in other ways too.
It reduces self-obsession and depression by focussing our subconscious attention on the welfare of our community rather than ourselves.

Give.
Giving and generosity helps focus your attention on causes and people outside yourself, reducing depression and anxiety.

Be mindful of your gratitude often.
Several times a day try to think of people or organizations or just the random good luck that have helped you along the way and made it possible for you to be alive and thrive.
Write thank you notes every week (or more often) to someone new.
To help build your sense of belonging you can even hand-deliver these notes to your "angels."

To help remind you of all the things you are grateful for, incorporate gratitude into your daily ritual.
For example, you can set your password on your computer or phone to a phrase that reminds you to take a moment to internally thank someone in your life.
Of course, you should encode or jumble your "I'm grateful today" password.
You need to make sure others that experience your graciousness and daily gratitude can't guess your password, wink wink. ;)
